Mention FeeCurrencyDirectory in Fee Abstraction docs (#2000)
celo-org/docs: docs/developer/fee-abstraction.md

Reviewer: Maybe a good opportunity to merge in the contents of https://docs.celo.org/cel2/guides/fee-abstraction?

Author: Yes, it contained a lot of duplicate stuff. I merged them and added the redirects.

description: How to allow your wallet users to pay for gas fee using alternate fee currencies
---

> Celo allows paying gas fees in currency other than the native currency. The tokens that can be used to pay gas fees is controlled via governance and the list of tokens allowed is maintained in [**FeeCurrencyDirectory.sol**](/contracts/core-contracts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celo supports paying transaction gas fees in multiple currencies beyond just the native CELO token. This feature is governed through the [**FeeCurrencyDirectory.sol**](/contracts/core-contracts) smart contract, which maintains the list of approved fee currencies.
```

> Alternate fee currency work with EOAs and no paymaster is required!

Reviewer: Either "alternate fee currency works" or "alternate fee currencies work"

> Alternate fee currencies work with EOAs and no paymaster is required!

Reviewer: This looks like a marketing tag line. Either move to the top separated by ---, or remove?

Reviewer: (and should retain the s)
